## Dataset

[Bike Sharing](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/dataset/275/bike+sharing+dataset)

This dataset contains the hourly and daily count of rental bikes between years 2011 and 2012 in Capital bikeshare system with the corresponding weather and seasonal information.

Bike sharing systems are new generation of traditional bike rentals where whole process from membership, rental and return back has become automatic. Through these systems, user is able to easily rent a bike from a particular position and return back at another position. Currently, there are about over 500 bike-sharing programs around the world which is composed of over 500 thousands bicycles. Today, there exists great interest in these systems due to their important role in traffic, environmental and health issues. 

Apart from interesting real world applications of bike sharing systems, the characteristics of data being generated by these systems make them attractive for the research. Opposed to other transport services such as bus or subway, the duration of travel, departure and arrival position is explicitly recorded in these systems. This feature turns bike sharing system into a virtual sensor network that can be used for sensing mobility in the city. Hence, it is expected that most of important events in the city could be detected via monitoring these data.

- number of features: 13
- number of records: 17389

Variable Name	Role	Type	Description	Units	Missing Values
instant	ID	Integer	record index		no
dteday	Feature	Date	date		no
season	Feature	Categorical	1:winter, 2:spring, 3:summer, 4:fall		no
yr	Feature	Categorical	year (0: 2011, 1: 2012)		no
mnth	Feature	Categorical	month (1 to 12)		no
hr	Feature	Categorical	hour (0 to 23)		no
holiday	Feature	Binary	weather day is holiday or not (extracted from http://dchr.dc.gov/page/holiday-schedule)		no
weekday	Feature	Categorical	day of the week		no
workingday	Feature	Binary	if day is neither weekend nor holiday is 1, otherwise is 0		no
weathersit	Feature	Categorical	- 1: Clear, Few clouds, Partly cloudy, Partly cloudy		no
temp	Feature	Continuous	Normalized temperature in Celsius. The values are derived via (t-t_min)/(t_max-t_min), t_min=-8, t_max=+39 (only in hourly scale)	C	no
atemp	Feature	Continuous	Normalized feeling temperature in Celsius. The values are derived via (t-t_min)/(t_max-t_min), t_min=-16, t_max=+50 (only in hourly scale)	C	no
hum	Feature	Continuous	Normalized humidity. The values are divided to 100 (max)		no
windspeed	Feature	Continuous	Normalized wind speed. The values are divided to 67 (max)		no
casual	Other	Integer	count of casual users		no
registered	Other	Integer	count of registered users		no
cnt	Target	Integer	count of total rental bikes including both casual and registered		no
